Hello, my name is separate all and I'm.
My company is called conversational technologies. I'm interested in all kinds of natural and intelligent interactions with her sweet speech or chat bots.
There we go. Cool.
q game.
3211.
So what I'm going to be talking about today is is user interfaces to smart cities. So we have to think about when, when there's a smart city we have to talk about the different kinds of people that are going to be using it.
And what are their goals and what are their abilities and what what really what do they need from their interaction.
So I've kind of talking, I want to talk about four different kinds of users.
First we have the professional IT managers who are actually in control, behind the scenes of all the different components of the smart city they may may have a, a huge control room with all kinds of really sophisticated user interfaces, those are those
are one kind of user, and other kind of user might be an employee of the smart city who needs to do specific things for their jobs.
And then there's residents who also have different needs, then they, they're somewhat familiar with their city at least parts of the city, and they need certain kinds of information.
And then the last kind of a user that I want to talk about and probably focusing most on them is the visitors who are not familiar with the city and they have certain goals, the users have the professional users need to ensure that systems are running
smoothly. They need to troubleshoot problems same, they may need to update or integrate new functionality.
Residents need to find out about city services, transportation schedule events and they may need to contact their government. Visitors are interested in events, transportation options attractions and different schedules for things that are going on in
the city.
The users have different characteristics, their professional managers are very familiar with the systems I do a day in and day out.
The residents have some familiar with the city they know about some services they and they need services.
Visitors are the least knowledgeable kind of users, but they may have extra time compared to a resident that they're often there for a vacation, and they want to know especially about the fun things that you can do in the city.
They don't know very much about the transportation options are the schedules.
They need to know that kind of information, and they and very importantly they don't have time to learn user interfaces, they may just be there for a day or a few days but they don't have the time to learn about how complicated user interface would would
help them find their information.
And then they have more need their needs are slightly different, they may need hotels, restaurants and public transportation, that maybe a resident may not need to know that much about their in different environments, the professionals are probably at
Residents are at home or in their office or in public transportation. Visitors are typically very frequently out in public, or they're in a hotel where again I may not be that familiar with the hotel.
So what I'm, my point is that different users are going to need different user interface, technology so professionals, maybe they have a very complicated interface with large desktop monitors, that would be appropriate for, for them to do their jobs,
employees on the, who are on the go, they have time to learn complicated interfaces, but they might need a mobile device so they won't have this, they're driving a bus, they don't have the large desktop monitor that are professional what happ residents
are going to be at all different levels of expertise, some of them are very knowledgeable or complicated.
Or they may be able to learn complex interfaces, or maybe they're amateurs or or older or younger children.
And these kinds of users could benefit from a conversational interface, like a chat bot or a speech assistant.
And finally the visitors. They don't rarely will have time to learn interfaces to a complex mobile app, and they don't even know necessarily what the options are they don't know what kinds of public transportation are available, they don't maybe don't
know even if there's a subway or local train.
And they are especially what they can really benefit from is a conversational interface where they can just ask for. How do I get to the museum, or what even what what kinds of museums are open now.
And they can certainly benefit from a very intelligent conversational interface, like a chat bot or voice assistant.
The interfaces, could be desktop computers, mobile goolies or the mobile chat bot or voice assistant, depending on what the what the user needs.
And that's all I have my presentation for today thank you for your attention.
Thank you.